README.md, before:

# R-TYPE

[🎥 Demo Video](https://www.veed.io/view/b9bdc967-fcf0-42a8-a4e2-44849b347b99?panel=share)

This project reimagines the iconic arcade game R-Type, introducing modern multiplayer functionality. Developed with an Entity-Component-System (ECS) architecture, it ensures smooth performance on both Windows and Linux, with straightforward compilation using CMake.

### Key Features 🌟

- Multiplayer Gameplay: Experience the thrill of R-Type with friends through networked multiplayer action.
- ECS Architecture: Benefit from a modular, scalable design that simplifies the management and development of game entities.
- CMake Integration: Enjoy simplified setup with streamlined compilation and dependency management.
- Cross-Platform Support: Easily build and play on both Windows and Linux without compatibility issues.

Learn more in our docs directory !

## Getting started 🔧

### Installation

#### Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following prerequisites installed on your machine:

- **Raylib**: Ensure that Raylib is installed. If it's not, refer to the [Raylib installation guide.](https://www.raylib.com/)

- **CMake**: Ensure that CMake is installed on your system. If not, check out the [CMake installation documentation.](https://cmake.org/download/)

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:Molaryy/R-Type.git
   cd R-Type

## Contributing 💡

If you encounter any bugs, have feature requests, or want to contribute improvements, feel free to open an issue.

### How to Propose an Issue 🐞

1. **Go to the Issues tab**: Navigate to the "Issues" section of this repository on GitHub.
2. **Create a new issue**: Click on the "New Issue" button.
3. **Describe the issue**: Provide a clear and detailed description of the issue you're experiencing or the feature you'd like to request. Make sure to include:
   - Steps to reproduce (if applicable)
   - Expected behavior vs actual behavior
   - Any relevant logs, screenshots, or files
4. **Submit**: Once you're satisfied with the details, submit the issue, and we’ll review it as soon as possible.

We encourage all contributions and will do our best to address your issues or consider your suggestions for the project's improvement.

## Our team ❤️

| [<img src="https://github.com/arthepitech.png?size=85" width=85><br><sub>arthepitech</sub>](https://github.com/arthepitech) | [<img src="https://github.com/Tchips46.png?size=85" width=85><br><sub>Tchips46</sub>](https://github.com/Tchips46) | [<img src="https://github.com/nicolas-gi.png?size=85" width=85><br><sub>Zawaaa</sub>](https://github.com/nicolas-gi) | [<img src="https://github.com/Molaryy.png?size=85" width=85><br><sub>Mohammed J.</sub>](https://github.com/Molaryy) | [<img src="https://github.com/moonia.png?size=85" width=85><br><sub>Moonia</sub>](https://github.com/moonia) |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |

> Don't hesitate to put a star 🌟

Commit message:

feat: how to use ./bin/setup.sh in README

README.md, after:

# R-TYPE

[🎥 Demo Video](https://www.veed.io/view/b9bdc967-fcf0-42a8-a4e2-44849b347b99?panel=share)

This project reimagines the iconic arcade game R-Type, introducing modern multiplayer functionality. Developed with an Entity-Component-System (ECS) architecture, it ensures smooth performance on both Windows and Linux, with straightforward compilation using CMake.

### Key Features 🌟

- Multiplayer Gameplay: Experience the thrill of R-Type with friends through networked multiplayer action.
- ECS Architecture: Benefit from a modular, scalable design that simplifies the management and development of game entities.
- CMake Integration: Enjoy simplified setup with streamlined compilation and dependency management.
- Cross-Platform Support: Easily build and play on both Windows and Linux without compatibility issues.

Learn more in our docs directory !

## Getting started 🔧

### Installation

#### Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following prerequisites installed on your machine:

- **Raylib**: Ensure that Raylib is installed. If it's not, refer to the [Raylib installation guide.](https://www.raylib.com/)

- **CMake**: Ensure that CMake is installed on your system. If not, check out the [CMake installation documentation.](https://cmake.org/download/)

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:Molaryy/R-Type.git
   cd R-Type

2. Build the project:

   ```bash
   ./bin/setup.sh build

> Note: Ensure you are in the root directory of the project before running the above command. This will generate the binaries for the server (r-type_server) and the client (r-type_client).

3. Run the project :

- Open a terminal and start the server:
   ```bash
   ./r-type_server

- Open another terminal and start the client:
   ```bash
   ./r-type_client

4. Clean the build files (if necessary):

   ```bash
   ./bin/setup.sh clean
> This will clean the build files and remove the r-type_server and r-type_client binaries.

## Contributing 💡

If you encounter any bugs, have feature requests, or want to contribute improvements, feel free to open an issue.

### How to Propose an Issue 🐞

1. **Go to the Issues tab**: Navigate to the "Issues" section of this repository on GitHub.
2. **Create a new issue**: Click on the "New Issue" button.
3. **Describe the issue**: Provide a clear and detailed description of the issue you're experiencing or the feature you'd like to request. Make sure to include:
   - Steps to reproduce (if applicable)
   - Expected behavior vs actual behavior
   - Any relevant logs, screenshots, or files
4. **Submit**: Once you're satisfied with the details, submit the issue, and we’ll review it as soon as possible.

We encourage all contributions and will do our best to address your issues or consider your suggestions for the project's improvement.

## Our team ❤️

| [<img src="https://github.com/arthepitech.png?size=85" width=85><br><sub>arthepitech</sub>](https://github.com/arthepitech) | [<img src="https://github.com/Tchips46.png?size=85" width=85><br><sub>Tchips46</sub>](https://github.com/Tchips46) | [<img src="https://github.com/nicolas-gi.png?size=85" width=85><br><sub>Zawaaa</sub>](https://github.com/nicolas-gi) | [<img src="https://github.com/Molaryy.png?size=85" width=85><br><sub>Mohammed J.</sub>](https://github.com/Molaryy) | [<img src="https://github.com/moonia.png?size=85" width=85><br><sub>Moonia</sub>](https://github.com/moonia) |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |

> Don't hesitate to put a star 🌟
